Meeting Date: 2023-12-19
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Tomas Mraz

    Richard Levitte
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC public communications
    * Possible bugfix releases
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * #19084 (Tim)
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Nicola

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
In progress

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
Not done

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)
Done

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779
Not done

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3
Not done

AI: Matt to send draft presentations to otc@
Done for both users and authors presentations

AI: Neil to summarise our present issues with code style
Done

AI: Hugo to write a draft OTC Meeting Recording Strategy
Issue created (https://github.com/openssl/project/issues/389)

** OTC public communications

AI: Tomas to create an issue to link the YouTube channel from the website

** Possible bugfix releases

We have a public CVE which was fixed on the 24th of October.
We should do another bugfix release by the end of January.

Should we have a policy to do bugfix releases every 3 months?

We should mention regression fixes in the release notes.

Should we use the new release notes style in older branches?

Using the new release notes style in older branches would make
our communication here consistent.

AI: Tomas to investigate review template options

OTC recommends to have a bugfix release for 1.0.2, 1.1.1, 3.0, 3.1, 3.2.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#15653: Add NULL checks to public digest APIs
    OTC: Adding NULL checks to existing API calls should be done consistently
    throughout the codebase. This would require concerted effort. New APIs
    should have NULL checks according to the policy.

#22044: Fix error handling in CMS_EncryptedData_encrypt
    OTC: There is nothing to decide here right now.

#22303: CI sanitizer runs: limit amount of memory leak output
    OTC: Any solution to the problem must allow to see the indirect leaks from
         the CI job if needed.

#22893: Gratutitous warnings for x509 when reading from stdin
    OTC: Using isatty() to suppress the warning seems reasonable

#22896: FYI: Purported UB around generic functions like OPENSSL_LH_HASHFUNC
AI: OTC to review #22896 (UB thunking in LHASH)
    This is unlikely to be fixed for older releases. We can document it
    as a known issue.

#22906: Make the activate setting more intuitive
    OTC: We should add explicit values for disabling activation and report an error on unknown values.

#22930: Make OPENSSL_sk_push return only 0 or 1
    OTC: This should PR is acceptable for master branch, if it has a CHANGES.md
    entry.

    We consider the risk of breaking application code from this change
    sufficiently low to allow this change in minor releases.

#22955: KU_* and X509v3_KU_* constants are redundant
    OTC: We do not want to explicitly deprecate these KU_ constants because it
    would potentially break many applications with no-deprecated builds.
    However we should clean up our code to not use these constants and
    make sure the they are aliases of the X509v3_KU_ constants.
    The documentation needs to be updated as well.

AI: Tomas to create project issue for resolving KU_ constant issue

#22977: Preserve pkey->pmeth_engine on legacy keys
    OTC: This should not be applied and #23063 should be used instead.
#23063: Revert "Improved detection of engine-provided private "classic" keys"
    OTC: The revert should be applied but it must document what are the
    implications of having non-OpenSSL default RSA/DSA/ECDSA implementation being set.

[Matthias left the call]

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** #19084 (Tim)

Defer

** AOB

Next OTC meeting
    Next two OTC meetings are cancelled.
    We will next meet on the 9th of January 2024.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC public communications
    * Clarifying RSC
    * #19084 (Tim)
    * Deprecations (Hugo)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3

AI: Tomas to create an issue to link the YouTube channel from the website

AI: Tomas to investigate review template options

AI: OTC to review #22896 (UB thunking in LHASH)

AI: Tomas to create project issue for resolving KU_ constant issue
