Meeting Date: 2025-04-22
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri

External attendees:
    Viktor Dukhovni
    Tomas Vavra
    Sasha Nedvedicky

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * When does OTC disband?
    * AI contributing policy
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from previous meeting: Proposed Matt, seconded Tomas

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

There are none.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed security issues

** When does OTC disband?

The OTC is expected to be disbanded by the end of April, so the
last meeting will be 29th April.

The OTC will ask the Directors of the Foundation/Corporation if
OTC meetings should continue until such time as the TACs are formed and
operational.

** AI contributing policy

Dmitry expects us to start receiving AI generated defect reports and
AI generated/support code contributions.

This is not an OTC issue and should be raised through the BAC.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Viktor: We do not have a function which tells you the amount of output
space required for a given input during encrypt/decrypt. Should we
have one?
We should create a feature request issue describing what this might
look like.
