Meeting Date: 2025-03-11
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale
    Richard Levitte
    Tim Hudson
    Shane Lontis
    Nicola Tuveri (joined late)

External attendees:
    Viktor Dukhovni
    Tomas Vavra
    Sasha Nedvedicky (joined late)

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * 3.5 alpha release
    * Config tool
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB


** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from previous meeting: Proposed Matt, seconded Tim

** 3.5 alpha release

[Nicola Tuveri joined]
[Sasha Nedvedicky joined]

Sasha will be doing the release today.

We will create the 3.5 branch today, and master will be open again for features.

Tim expresses thanks to Paul, Shane and Viktor for the PQC features

Tim moves a motion on behalf of the OTC to express thanks to Paul, Shane and
Viktor for the post-quantum features in the 3.5 release.
Motion passes.

** Config tool

RedHat want to ship multiple providers and have a drop in config system. It
would be helpful to have a tool to check config file correctness.

There was general consensus that having such a tool would be useful.

There was a discussion about conf_diagnostics and whether it is desirable
behaviour that default initialisation can fail when using this option

Dmitry asked whether it is good practice to have a separate directory for
include file snippets. The consensus was that this is good practice.

** Review OTC project board

No update

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

No update

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Policy for feature branches
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Dmitry had an email from a group looking at our QUIC implementation. Dmitry to
loop in Matt and Tim into the conversation.

Nicola had some external discussions around PQC composite signatures and would
like OTC involvement in design discussions. Nicola to send a summary of the
issues to the OTC.

Shane asked whether EVP_SKEY should be mutable or immutable. Dmitry said that
the expectation is that EVP_SKEY is immutable - but providers can do what they
can like. Shane asks whether there should be some params in the import. The
consensus is that we should probably have this, but it is now too late for the
3.5 release.

Viktor observes that failure to load a provider is not currently visible as a
configuraton error. See #26997
