Meeting Date: 2024-07-23
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri
    Paul Dale

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Sasa Nedvedicky

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * OpenSSL Governance Changes
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tim, seconded: Nicola

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from last meeting. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

** OpenSSL Governance Changes

Matt and Tim presented the forthcoming organisational changes

** Review OTC project board

Proposal for deprecation of TLS 1.0/1.1 and DTLS 1.0, #750
Assigned to Neil Hormal to write a Proposal

Update the functions for explicitly fetched signature algorithms design, #751
This was done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Nothing to discuss

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** AOB

None


** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review Functions for explicitly fetched signature algorithms design #22672
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB
