Meeting Date: 2024-07-09
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Sasa Nedvedicky

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Patch release
    * Review Functions for explicitly fetched signature algorithms design #22672
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas, Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from last week. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Dmitry

** Review OTC project board

There were no items to discuss

** Patch release

A possible release on 30th July was discussed. An alternative is to wait for
August. OTC sees no reason at this time to accelerate a release.

** Review Functions for explicitly fetched signature algorithms design #22672

This adds the ability to fetch and use composite signature algorithms such as
RSA+SHA256 directly.

Also relevant:
https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/23416/files

Function names proposed are:
EVP_PKEY_sign_init_for_digest()
EVP_PKEY_sign_init_for_message()
EVP_PKEY_sign_update()
EVP_PKEY_sign_final()

Similar names for verify.

Proposed alternative names:

EVP_PKEY_sign_init_ex2()
EVP_PKEY_sign_message_init()
EVP_PKEY_sign_message_update()
EVP_PKEY_sign_message_final()

A second alternative:

EVP_PKEY_sign_init_ex2()
EVP_PKEY_sign_data_init()
EVP_PKEY_sign_data_update()
EVP_PKEY_sign_data_final()

A discussion was also held around removing the signature from the "verify_final"
and having it set by a separate "set_signature" function. 

AI: Richard to update the design an bring it back to OTC for further
consideration (raised as openssl/project#751)

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#15335: TLS 1.0/1.1 and DTLS 1.0 formally deprecated

We would like to see a proposal for how the deprecation would look like

AI: Create a proposal for deprecation of TLS 1.0/1.1 and DTLS 1.0 protocols
(raised as openssl/project#750)

#23240: Add EdDSA support to EVP_PKEY_sign/verify

This was already discussed in the composite signature agenda item above

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** AOB

Dmitry and Matt will not be attending next week. Tim also has a conflict.

Next weeks meeting is cancelled. Proposed by Matt, Seconded by Tim.


** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review Functions for explicitly fetched signature algorithms design #22672
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB
