Meeting Date: 2024-04-16
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Hugo Landau
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Paul Dale
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * FIPS indicators
    * SHAKE
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from 2nd April. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas
Agree minutes from 9th April. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Pauli

** Review OTC project board

458: non-ASCII output handling
Dmitry to create a new issue describing the proposed solution in more detail

526: Create alternate PR for SHAKE 128/256
Alternative PR was created

436: Legacy provider policy
Neil Horman assigned
Some potential features of the policy were added to the issue

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

23240: Add EdDSA support to EVP_PKEY_sign/verify
Richard Levitte to review the comments and come back with a second opinion

24002: get_cert_by_subject: backward compatibility
No objections were raised so the hold is lifted

24032: Add an Apple privacy info file
We are ok with adding the file. Please ensure the contents are correct and we
should declare C617

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** FIPS indicators

Discussion about indicators. We should allow users to override some rules in
config. Discussion around whether this is fine-grained or not. Discussion around
whether we should have an ability to check what indicators have been flagged
since the last time we checked.

Shane to document the requirements in #23609 and update the solution accordingly

** SHAKE

Long discussion about the competing SHAKE implementations. No agreement was
reached.

[Tim Hudson, Paul Dale left]

Tomas to update his PR to move the OID to the new names and remove the 128/128
and 256/256 variants.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** AOB

The release tarballs do not include the ctags file (issue 24090). Solution is
probably to modify .gitattributes. Dmitry to progress.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB
