Meeting Date: 2024-02-06
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matt Caswell
    Kurt Roeckx
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St Pierre
    Shane Lontis
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tim Hudson
    Tomas Mraz

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * FOSDEM Report
    * HACS and Real World Crypto conferences
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

[Matthias left the call]

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

None

** FOSDEM Report

Very large conference. Lots of interest in OpenSSL.
Interest in the project's financial situation or in
working for OpenSSL.

Kurt noted someone reported an improvement in compatibility
related to HSM support in 3.0.

** HACS and Real World Crypto conferences

Still waiting for an update on HACS.

** Review OTC project board

project#431: OTC discussion with OQS project
    For OMC/WG discussion.

project#434: Determine preferred approach for TLS 1.3 integrity-only
             ciphersuites (CIPHER vs MD)
    We now have consensus in favour of option 2
        (add an EVP_MAC path to the TLS stack).

    OTC: The consensus of OTC is that the implementation should just use EVP_MAC
         API directly from the TLS record layer.

project#245: FIPS Indicators
    Shane is working on a design.

project#433: Investigate NULL cipher policy and communicate it to #22903
    Priority is 'Low'.

project#435: Identify possible ways to discard the various EVP_MAX_...LENGTH macros
    Priority is 'Medium'.

project#437: Write up an explanation of the rationale behind the legacy provider
    Priority is 'Medium'.

project#432: Propose API deprecations for 3.3
    Priority is 'Low'.

#23492: nameline default change causes output change

The OTC Board can be viewed here:
    https://github.com/orgs/openssl/projects/2/views/57

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#22903: TLSv1.3: add optional integrity-open ciphers
    We made a decision above. Tomas will communicate this to the PR.

#23356: Fix parsing sets/sequences with 0 length, encoded in the long-form
    OTC: There is only a subset of BER supported. We are not going to expand
    the BER support at this time. We will make a documentation update to make
    this clear.

#23483: Lower bound checks for GeneralizedTime and UTCTime
    We are going to wait until we have consensus on this.

[Kurt left the call]

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** AOB

Nicola:
    https://github.com/openssl/openssl/issues/21671
    We added this to the project board and Anton will determine
    if/when to assign resources to update these certificates.

Shane, fips-install:
    https://github.com/openssl/openssl/issues/23400
    fips-install needs to work.
    We need to be testing that it works.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Performance issues (Dmitry)
    * HACS and Real World Crypto conferences
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

None
