Meeting Date: 2024-10-22
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
    Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Hugo Landau
    Tomas Mraz
    Nicola Tuveri
    Paul Dale
    Shane Lontis
    Richard Levitte

External attendees:
    Sasha Nedvedicky
    Tomas Vavra
    Viktor Dukhovni

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from last meeting. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Nicola, Pauli

** Review OTC project board

Review the security policy (#907)

No action

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Is the current cipher algorithm default the correct one (3DES)? #25776

Any app that currently defaults to 3DES should be changed to AES256. We should
ensure that any app that does this should have a -cipher option or equivalent
to change it.

AI: Tomas to create an issue to implement the above

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

PQC - Will there be a design document?
At the moment the design is in the issues.

Pauli proposed that all feature branches should have a design document. Pauli
will raise a policy change for this.

Nicola sends his apologies for next week.

Shane pointed out that Dmitry has raised a request for an EVP_SKEY feature
branch and the request is still outstanding.

Shane is working on SLH-DSA.
