Meeting Date: 2024-11-26
Minutes taken by: Tomas Mraz
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Hugo Landau
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tim Hudson
    Paul Dale

    Matt Caswell

External attendees:
    Sasha Nedvedicky
    Viktor Dukhovni
    Tomas Vavra

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Discussion about Windows parameter passing
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Nicola

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Agree minutes from last meeting. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Nicola

** Review OTC project board

No update

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

https://github.com/openssl/openssl/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22hold%3A+need+otc+decision%22+-milestone%3A4.0.0+

#25807 - fips: zeroization of ECX public keys
 - We've requested to put this behind #ifdef OPENSSL_PEDANTIC_ZEROIZATION

#25929 - force jitter (3.4)
 - we do not approve the backport, PR closed

#25930 - fips-jitter: Force use jitter entropy in the FIPS 3.0.9 provider
callback
 - This is OK for master subject to the usual review process.

#26028 - fips: remove drgb_no_trunc_dgst IG withdrawn
 - We want to keep the restriction unless there is compelling reason to
   alllow the truncated hashes.

** Discussion about Windows parameter passing

[Nicola left the meeting]

This is a documentation issue - we add a warning to the docs that calling the
openssl command line with any untrusted non-ascii arguments is not secure
unless the OPENSSL_WIN32_UTF8 environment variable is set.

Tomas to create an issue on the board.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed security issues.

[Tim left the meeting]
[Tomas V left the meeting]

** Review draft technical policies

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review OTC project board
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Dmitry asked for reviews on the EVP_SKEY implementation PR (#25908).

Dmitry asked the team to investigate the issue #26038 - breakage of legacy
provider fetches if pkcs11 provider uses no_cache

