Meeting Date: 2024-01-23
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Richard Levitte
    Matt Caswell
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * OTC public communications policy
    * FIPS indicators
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
Not done

AI: OTC to review #22896 (UB thunking in LHASH)
Done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#22037: QUIC: QLOG Draft Implementation
    Is it OK for us to add a feature where we have an -intent-
    to make an incompatible format change in future?

    If we are not willing to do this we have to be willing to
    bear the cost of supporting multiple versions long term.

    OTC: The draft version supported by qvis is OK to be supported. THis PR
    should document the option in INSTALL.md and openssl-qlog(7) manpage. The
    environment variable needs to be documented in manual pages as well.
    The documentation must make it clear that the version supported can be
    updated in incompatible way in a future release.

#23075: EVP_DigestSign fails when called a second time 3.2.0

#23356: Fix parsing sets/sequences with 0 length, encoded in the long-form
    OTC: Is there a concrete real-world use case behind this PR?

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** OTC public communications policy

Does the OTC has a consensus on whether we should have a public communications
policy (without going into what that policy should be)?

topic: The OTC should establish a public communications policy for OTC members
Proposed by Tim
Public: yes
opened: 2024-01-23
closed:
accepted:    (for: X, against: Y, abstained: Z, not voted: T)

  Dmitry     [  ]
  Matt       [ 0]
  Tim        [+1]
  Hugo       [-1]
  Richard    [+0]
  Shane      [+0]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Nicola     [-1]

** Review draft technical policies

None

** FIPS indicators

Can we have a simple, non-granular FIPS indicator?
    Hugo's draft ideas: https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/23366

    Do we need the indicator to reflect usage of other
    non-FIPS providers?

OTC needs to form a viewpoint on what is compliant with the FIPS
indicator policy.

We need someone to come up with a proposal for how we comply
with the FIPS indicator requirements. This is *not* about API
design (if any) but the enumeration of the requirements and
how we justify our compliance with each to the lab.

OTC: Technical design of how the FIPS indicator will work is an OTC decision.

AI: Anton to create an OTC tab on the project board

FIPS Indicator Issue: https://github.com/openssl/project/issues/245

** AOB

None.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * OTC public communications policy
    * Moving algorithms to the legacy provider
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Anton to create an OTC tab on the project board
